Improve API documentation (#1025)
SAP/luigi: docs/luigi-core-api.md

**Meta**

-   **since**: 0.6.4

#### showAlert

Shows an alert.

##### Parameters

> -   `settings` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** the settings for the alert

Reviewer: Some of the sentences do have dots at the end some don't - but I think it may be this rendering problem you told me about. Also, it's up to you to have / not have them as long as they are consistent :)

Author: Yes, I tried to add the dots but I get an error from the script which renders the docu 🙁

Author: So, I removed the dots for consistency.

    -   `settings.closeAfter` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** (optional) time in milliseconds that tells Luigi when to close the Alert automatically. If not provided, the Alert will stay on until closed manually. It has to be greater than `100`.

##### Examples

```javascript
const settings = {
 text: "Ut enim ad minim veniam, {goToHome} quis nostrud exercitation ullamco {relativePath}. Duis aute irure dolor {goToOtherProject}",
 type: 'info',
 links: {
   goToHome: { text: 'homepage', url: '/overview' },
   goToOtherProject: { text: 'other project', url: '/projects/pr2' },
   relativePath: { text: 'relative hide side nav', url: 'hideSideNav' }
 },
 closeAfter: 3000
}
Luigi
 .ux()
 .showAlert(settings)
 .then(() => {
    // Logic to execute when the alert is dismissed
 });
```

Returns **[promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)** which is resolved when the alert is dismissed.

**Meta**

-   **since**: 0.6.4

#### showConfirmationModal

Shows a confirmation modal.

##### Parameters

> -   `settings` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** the settings of the confirmation modal. If you don't provide any value for any of the fields, a default value is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `settings` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** the settings of the confirmation modal. If you do not provide any value for any of the fields, a default value is used
```
we usually don't (;)) use contractions - but it also depends on the type of doc. I would avoid them to be consistent.
